JinSoul is walking down the street with a fancy pink jacket on)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - LOONATIC"
JinSoul: It's star studs~
JInSoul: It stings~
JinSoul: I feel like a superstar!
(The superstar walking down the street confidently)
JinSoul: I'm just on the top of a building but they told me I have to go down.
JinSoul: You know, a superstar has to overcome any hardships and sufferings.
JinSoul: It makes a true superstar!
JinSoul: If you want to be on the top, you have to tie your hair as high as you can!
Kim Lip: Please tie my hear on top of my head!
Kim Lip: Beacause I want to be the best!
JinSoul: Finally, Lip's pony tail is ready!
JinSoul: Let's see how high her hair is...
(This is the ponytail of a SUPERSTAR!)
JinSoul: Tada!
Kim Lip: Hey~!
Kim Lip: I've changed!
Kim Lip: I couldn't tie my hair on top of the head.
Kim Lip: But I tried my best!
Kim Lip: She tied my hair as high as she can. Thank you, sir!
JinSoul: Walk cofidiently. That's what you have to do!
(Confident superstars...)
Kim Lip: Hey~ don't shoot me~
Kim Lip: Oh my~
Kim Lip: See you later~ Me, the superstar, have got to go to work~
Kim Lip:  Bye~
JInSoul: You have to block the cam like this!